Hassam alaikum and welcome to titli's
busy kitchen with me titli nihaan it's a
funny thing
toady know what was a friend of mine
from the north of england calls it turd
in the urn because it contains neither
hose nor turns now i'm gonna start with
the gravy so i've got two small onion
which i've cut into slices 400 mils of
stock any way the stock will do and a
tablespoon of cornstarch or we in the UK
whole cornflour in this pan i've got two
teaspoons of vegetable oil I'll add in
the onions and then I'm going to so take
these over a low heat for about 10
minutes until they start to turn brown
I've got a 9 by 7 lightly greased baking
tray and I'm going to add in 6 sausages
any type of sausages is fine you can
even use vegetarian sausages for this
I'm going to prick the skins so that
they don't explode now I'm going to pop
this in the oven at 200 degrees C for 10
minutes now while the sausages and
onions are cooking I need to make a
Yorkshire pudding batter and for that
I've got 125 mils of milk 75 grams of
plain flour and an egg sift the flour
into a bowl or to get rid of any lumps
add a pinch of salt and add the egg and
beat well it'll form a very dry mix now
adding the milk a third at a time and
mix well but a little bit of milk makes
it nice and fluid add in another third
of the milk and beat that in well and
the last bit of milk
I think you should end up with a nice
smooth batter that's ten minutes your
sausages should be brown and sizzly now
pour in the batter then put it straight
back in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes by
now your onions should be all nice and
brown the edges mix the corn flour into
the stock make sure it's well mixed and
there's no lumps so add it into the
onions and bring it gently to the boil
with stirring as it comes to the boil
the gravy should darken and thicken
when it comes to the boil simmer for 1
minute and then it's ready once it's
baked it should be brown and puffy pour
on your onion gravy and serve with a
Betty of your choice there you go
toad in the hole so I'm sure you'll be
relieved to know that no turds were
harmed during the making of this video
German next time in titli's busy kitchen
with me to the hole totally titli nihaan
until next time good happen